For our last endpoint,
we want to be able to give the average ranking for a specific
movie based on all users that have ranked a movie.
Up until now,
we have been able to get everything we wanted using the partition and sort
key that we set when we created our MovieRank table.
To be able to get all ranked movies from all users,
we will be using our secondary index.
We could use the scan function, but as we know,
the scan method is expensive, so it makes sense to create a secondary index,
so we can use the query method instead.
We will add our HttpGet attribute, and add a route with squiggly brackets,
movieName/ranking.
Our method will return our Task MovieRankResponse,
and our method name will be GetMoviesRanking.
We will add movieName into the method's parameters,
and inside our method,
we will call off to our MovieRankedService class to
a method called GetMovieRank, and pass in the movieName.
We'll also pass back the result that we get back to our user.
In our MovieRankService class, we'll create a method named GetMovieRank,
and add our movieName parameter.
Inside our method,
we'll call off to our MovieRepository class to a method named GetMovieRank,
and pass in the movieName.
We still have a bit more code to add into this method,
but we'll first jump into the MovieRankRepository class,
and create the code needed to get our movie and their
rankings using our secondary index.
Inside our MovieRankRepository class,
we will create a method with a return type of Task IEnumerable MovieDb,
and call our method GetMovieRank.
We will have a movieName parameter, and inside our method,
we need to create a new DynamoDBOperationConfig.
And inside this, we'll set the index name of our secondary index.
In our case, we named our index MovieName-index.
Using our DynamoDB context,
we can use the QueryAsync method with the MovieDb type argument,
and pass into this method the movieName and also
our config that we created above.
We need to add GetRemainingAsync to tell DynamoDB to give us all results.
We also need to add the secondary index attribute to our MovieDb class.
So let's head over to our MovieDb class,
and add in DynamoDBGlobalSecondaryIndexHashKey above MovieName.
As you might remember, we set our secondary index partition key as MovieName.
We'll add our GetMovieRank method to our interface,
and we'll head back to our MovieService class.
As it stands now,
we will get back the movie we are requesting with
all the rankings from all users.
However, we want to get the overall ranking of that specific movie.
So we need to add a little C# code here in order to do that.
We'll use the Math.Round, and inside the Math.Round method,
we will use our response that we got back from DynamoDB,
and use the link Select method.
Here we can say x lambda, x.Ranking .Average,
and this will take all our separate rankings and average them for us.
We'll add the System and link using statement.
We then want to return back to the user a MovieRankResponse.
First we need to head over to our MovieRankResponse
class and add in two properties, MovieName and OverallRanking.
Back in our MovieRankService class, we will now say return new MovieRankResponse,
and map our response MovieName to movieName,
and the overallRanking with our ranking average that we worked out above.
We'll add this method to our IMovieRankService interface,
we'll save our application, and we'll build it.
If we run our application, and we head over to Postman,
we can enter our localhost and port, along with a movie name.
Here we'll use The Secret at Purple Hill with /ranking.
We'll hit Send,
and we've got back an overall ranking for the movie The Secret at Purple Hill.
This has used all user's rankings and given us the
average ranking for that movie. I'll also save this to our MovieRank collection.